---
title: from reddit
date: 2021-08-08T07:07:54.335Z
draftDate: 2021-04-17T22:55:34.853Z
draft: drafts5://open?uuid=AB6CFAFB-24CD-46F1-9399-37DADA214953
trim: true
newlines: false
postURL: https://api.github.com/repos/pborenstein/amoxtentli/contents/src/posts/ab6cfafb-24cd-46f1-9399-37dada214953.md
summary: "I'll hopefully return to this question at some point and reply to you with the second part once it has been rewritten. The back end benefit will be that it will hopefully be better than the first time when it goes up.

For now I'll go a lit…"
---


I'll hopefully return to this question at some point and reply to you with the second part once it has been rewritten. The back end benefit will be that it will hopefully be better than the first time when it goes up.

For now I'll go a little bit into Ascetism and how this likely influenced Mohammeds journey, but first

Some extra readings:
Robert Hoylands, In Gods Path. Read it in it's entirety, be enlightened!  I consider it to be the best account of the first 200 years of Islam that exists.

There is a chapter in Amira Bennison's "The Almoravid and the Almohad Empires" on Malikism and the legal principles that contributed to it which I've found incredibly valuable as the prioritization of law and greco-persian legal principles is critical as a balance and fusion between christian and islamic society. the chapter is "malikism, mahdism, and mysticism".

K-H. Ohlig and G.R. Puin, The Hidden Origins of Islam (New York, 2010). - This talks a lot about the period from early Muawiya to Al-Malik and has lots of what would have been my part 2.

John of Nikiu's Chronicle. Find it through whatever primary source location you can get it, it's the best source we have for the earliest muslim conquests.

If these are somehow not enough for you:

From Arabian Tribes to Islamic Empire: Army, State and Society in the Near East C.600-850 by Patricia Crone

hell, anything by Patricia Crone can be considered spectacular, she's doubtless one of the best Islamic scholars we have known to date.




Now onto the question of Ascetism in brief:

The Rise of Monasticism within Christianity is something which has received broad spectrum study, particularly as in European History it is the source of much of our medieval sources since they became Bastions of Learning. In Byzantium in particular, Ascetism and material denialism became a huge fad after the example of Anthony the Great -first of the so-called Desert Fathers.

In this term, Desert Fathers we immediately see how such practice might lead to coming into contact with the local semi-nomadic desert tribes - and of course how this may spread across the networks of movement.

For whatever reason (and this is under intense debate) the idea of 'going out into the desert and starving yourself for religious revelation' became a very important one to Arabs of the time. It became something of a regular pilgrimage for those seeking religious enlightenment. This also plays into the reason for Muhammeds 'rejection by the leaders of Mecca' - whose power rested on the idea that Gods could only be reached by contacting the Kaaba, whereas Muhammed partially preached that it could be done through internal struggle out in the desert.

Later Kharajites would take this to the extreme - look them up for further examples of this Ascetism in Islam.

During the period of Muhammed's life, Ascetism was reaching a peak, with people like 'Babai the Great' becoming important in the Syriac church.

Interestingly, Monasticism played into the Byzantine-Persian power games, with Persian rulers sometimes trying to enforce marriage for Monks! They had somehow come to the idea that they could gain power by forcing Ascetism to not happen!

At any rate - Ascetism for revelation was a fairly common practice - it had come down from Syriac and Coptic branches of Eastern Christianity and had become big in Arab communities even those who were not Christian. There are several weird examples of Jewish Himyarite communities going on pilgrimages into the Rub al Khali to atone for the fall of their empire!

In this way, Muhammed's journey to the cave - and even more interestingly his 'pilgrimage' between Mecca and Medina, wherein the hardship is considered to be an important theological point - fuses Christian practice into an Arabic context and in this way we see that the very founding story of Islam is in a VERY Abrahamic world, not merely an Arabic one.
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/msq4al/did_early_muslims_consider_themselves_christians/guwljm8/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
